Add instructions for auto-opening Edge dev tools (#5359)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/testing/debug-add-ins-using-devtools-edge-chromium.md

   - Right-click (or select and hold) the dialog to open the context menu and select **Inspect**.

1. Use the tool the same as you would for code in a task pane. See [Debug a task pane add-in using Microsoft Edge (Chromium-based) developer tools](#debug-a-task-pane-add-in-using-microsoft-edge-chromium-based-developer-tools) earlier in this article.

## Automatically open the Microsoft Edge (Chromium-based) developer tools to debug initialization

To debug your add-in’s initialization sequence, configure your environment so that Microsoft WebView2 (Chromium-based) developer tools auto-open when the add-in launches.

1. Close the Office client app where you plan to debug the add-in.

> 1. Set the `WEBVIEW2_ADDITIONAL_BROWSER_ARGUMENTS` environment variable to include the value `--auto-open-devtools-for-tabs`.

Author: Windows has one place to set environment variables, can that be obviated or do you normally also write instructions for that?

> 1. Set the `WEBVIEW2_ADDITIONAL_BROWSER_ARGUMENTS` environment variable to include the value `--auto-open-devtools-for-tabs`.

Reviewer: It's probably fine. @Rick-Kirkham, any strong opinions?

> 1. Set the `WEBVIEW2_ADDITIONAL_BROWSER_ARGUMENTS` environment variable to include the value `--auto-open-devtools-for-tabs`.

Author: This whole article applies to Desktop Office already given the note it already has on the top.

1. Restart the Office client app.

> 1. Run the add-in.

Author: I was using the same wording used above in this same doc, e.g. the previous sections says "Run the add-in" as its first step. I read it as start/activate/run your add-in.

> 1. Run the add-in.

Reviewer: Fair enough. Basically "trigger initialization", right?

> 1. Run the add-in.

Author: Open you add-in, start your add-in, initialize your add-in, yeah.

> 1. The Microsoft Edge (Chromium-based) developer tools should auto-open. Use the tool the same as you would for code in a task pane. See [Debug a task pane add-in using Microsoft Edge (Chromium-based) developer tools](#debug-a-task-pane-add-in-using-microsoft-edge-chromium-based-developer-tools) earlier in this article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The Microsoft Edge (Chromium-based) developer tools should automatically open. Use the tool the same as you would when debugging a task pane, as specified in the earlier section, [Debug a task pane add-in using Microsoft Edge (Chromium-based) developer tools](#debug-a-task-pane-add-in-using-microsoft-edge-chromium-based-developer-tools).
```
